Update apple-sso-plugin.md for rebranding (#751)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/identity-platform/apple-sso-plugin.md

This is not an exhaustive list and we do advise both consumers and vendors of applications to test their software for compatibility with this new datastore.

#### Registered/Enrolled Device Conditional Access Policy Support in Chrome
To support device Conditional Access policies in Google Chrome with Secure Enclave based storage enabled, you will need to have the [Microsoft Single Sign On](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/windows-accounts/ppnbnpeolgkicgegkbkbjmhlideopiji) extension installed and enabled.

> 1. This is required for Mac devices that enable Platform SSO and for devices that have opted-in to Secure Enclave backed device identity (https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/apple-sso-plugin#registeredenrolled-device-conditional-access-policy-support-in-chrome).

Reviewer: You can omit bullet \#1 here since the surrounding section of this document covers this.

I'd suggest turning \#2 into a Note like...

> **Tip:** Admins can automatically deploy Chrome Extensions using MDM ([learn more](https://chromeenterprise.google/policies/?policy=ExtensionInstallForcelist)).

Author: Just committed, please review when you can

This is not an exhaustive list and we do advise both consumers and vendors of applications to test their software for compatibility with this new datastore.

#### Registered/Enrolled Device Conditional Access Policy Support in Chrome
To support device Conditional Access policies in Google Chrome with Secure Enclave based storage enabled, you will need to have the [Microsoft Single Sign On](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/windows-accounts/ppnbnpeolgkicgegkbkbjmhlideopiji) extension installed and enabled.

This is required for Mac devices that enable Platform SSO and for devices that have opted-in to Secure Enclave backed device identity (https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/apple-sso-plugin#registeredenrolled-device-conditional-access-policy-support-in-chrome).

> [!NOTE]

> > Admins can deploy it to their devices automatically with MDM [ [1](https://support.google.com/chrome/a/answer/7550274?hl=en&sjid=4022223857702261083-NA&visit_id=638501952721573309-4083424910&ref_topic=7650028&rd=1), [2](https://chromeenterprise.google/policies/?policy=ExtensionInstallForcelist) ].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For MDM based deployments of Google Chrome and extension management, please refer to [Set up Chrome browser on Mac](https://support.google.com/chrome/a/answer/7550274?hl=en&sjid=4022223857702261083-NA) and [ExtensionInstallForcelist](https://chromeenterprise.google/policies/?policy=ExtensionInstallForcelist).
```

#### Registered/Enrolled Device Conditional Access Policy Support in Chrome
To support device Conditional Access policies in Google Chrome with Secure Enclave based storage enabled, you will need to have the [Microsoft Single Sign On](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/windows-accounts/ppnbnpeolgkicgegkbkbjmhlideopiji) extension installed and enabled.

> This is required for Mac devices that enable Platform SSO and for devices that have opted-in to [Secure Enclave backed device identity](#registeredenrolled-device-conditional-access-policy-support-in-chrome).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is required for Mac devices that enable Platform SSO and for devices that have opted-in to [Secure Enclave backed device identity](#enable-secure-enclave-based-storage-of-device-identity-keys).
```
fixing the bookmark link
